Now if you just take a look at today's text, it says, come and witness the activities of
Jehovah, witness.
Now according to a dictionary, a witness is someone who has personal knowledge of something.
So how can we be witnesses of Jehovah?
What personal knowledge do we have of his activities?
Well, first of all, we can testify to the fact that Jehovah can see into the future.
And when he does that, he's right, 100% of the time.
And second, we know that no one can prevent what Jehovah foresees from coming true.
All of Jehovah's prophecies come true.
Now to illustrate the first point that Jehovah can see into the future, let's consider
two remarkable prophecies concerning the destruction of Jerusalem and its temple.
Now we know that through the Prophet Jeremiah, Jehovah foretold that Jerusalem and the temple
would be destroyed by the Babylonians.
Did it come true?
Absolutely.
In 607 BCE.
But Jehovah went further.
He said that Jerusalem would be rebuilt.
They will rebuild the ancient ruins.
They will raise up the desolated places of the past, and they will restore the devastated
cities.
And true worship would also be restored.
So that was quite a level of knowledge.
But there's more, Jehovah went further.
Jehovah also indicated that the spiritual revival wouldn't last.
Now that is remarkable.
And it's implied by what we read in the second part of Daniel chapter 9 and verse 26.
I'd like you to have a look at this.
We're going to be reading two parts of this verse.
It's quite interesting.
Daniel chapter 9 and verse 26.
So now what's our objective here is to see that Jerusalem and its temple would be destroyed
a second time and the true worship would not last.
It says in the second part of verse 26.
And the people of a leader who is coming will destroy the city and the holy place.
Now when these words were written, Jerusalem and the temple were already in ruins.
But Jehovah doesn't say Nebuchadnezzar has destroyed the city and its temple.
He says the people of a leader who is coming, the Roman general Titus in 70 CE, will destroy
the city and the holy place.
In order for that prophecy to be fulfilled, Jerusalem and the temple would have to be rebuilt
and then destroyed a second time.
Now that is quite a level of knowledge, quite a level of information.
But what would make this necessary?
Why when the Jews came back to their to the promised land and they were intent on restoring
true worship?
Why would this fail and why would Jerusalem and the temple be destroyed a second time?
Part of it is due to what we find in the first part of verse 26.
Messiah will be cut off.
So Jehovah foretold, foresaw that when the Messiah came, the Jews would reject him.
He would be cut off.
And because of that, partly because of that, Jerusalem and the temple would be destroyed
as it happens in 70 CE.
Now wait a minute.
Let's think about that a minute.
The Messiah comes first and Jerusalem and the temple are destroyed after that in 70 CE.
What does that mean?
It means that the Messiah comes before 70 CE.
So we might ask our Jewish friends, why are you still waiting for the Messiah?
70 CE has come and gone.
And he too proved to be a true prophet and a remarkable prophecy of Jesus is found in
the Sermon on the Mount.
Let's have a look at it and consider the implications of this prophecy.
This is Matthew chapter 7 and we'll read verses 22 and 23, an amazing prophecy.
Now imagine at this point, Jesus' teachings have not spread beyond Israel.
Notice verses 22 and 23, many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy
in your name and expel demons in your name and perform many powerful works in your name?
And then I will declare to them, I never knew you.
Get away from me, you workers of lawlessness.
Now it's not amazing.
If Jesus had simply predicted that his teachings would spread throughout the earth, you might
say, well, there's nothing remarkable about that.
But Jesus is saying something different.
Jesus is for telling a great apostasy from his teachings.
Jesus is for telling the birth of Christendom 300 years before the event.
So Jesus foresees that many are going to turn away from the truth.
And by the end of the first century, that apostasy was already at work, wasn't it?
There were sects, the sect of Nicolias, for example, and other sects.
And now they're on the cusp of the great darkness, the great apostasy that's going to
set in from the second century on.
And with this in mind, what does Jehovah do?
He makes an amazing statement.
Revelation 14.
144,000 will be on Mount Zion with the Lamb.
There were nowhere near 144,000 in the truth in the first century.
And here, Jehovah is saying, there are going to be 144,000 in heaven with the Lamb at the
end.
But not only that, he goes further.
There's going to be a great crowd that no man can number.
How could that ever come true?
Ours is the God of true prophecy.
Well that's prophecy.
What about the second point?
And that is that no one can prevent prophecy from being fulfilled.
The devil would love to prevent that from taking place.
Think about Revelation 14.
If the devil could make the number one short of 144,000, he'd be happy because he would
show that Jehovah was inaccurate in what he foretold.
And so that's one of the reasons why the devil has made war on the remnant of the seed
of the woman.
If it all possible to prevent that number of 144,000 from coming to pass, but of course,
he's going to fail.
And what about the prophecy in the Bible that America and Britain would become a dual
world power?
Now, Britain wouldn't become a world power at all if France had anything to say about
it.
France and Britain were sworn enemies, and for many, many years France was much richer
and much more powerful than Britain was.
And finally, at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, France had one last chance to prevent
Britain from becoming a world power.
And France should have won that battle.
Everything was stacked against the British.
But there was a driving rain, a fatal miscalculation on the part of Napoleon and a few other factors
that foiled their attempt.
And Britain did become a world power.
And at the end of the 19th century, it's quite true that the sun never set on the British
empire.
But now, America and Britain were supposed to become a dual world power.
And Britain wasn't the least bit interested in sharing its power with America.
It tried to prevent America from separating as a colony.
There was a long war, and there were mistakes made on both sides.
But finally, America gained its independence from Britain.
And what do we find some years after that?
Britain is sharing its power with America.
They are a dual world power.
Fighters against God will never prevail.
We serve the God of true prophecy, and what he foretells comes to be.